hi my name is Dave body and I'm with
Panasonic Canada and I have to be the
product specialist for the AV
Entertainment Group products today we're
going to talk to you and demonstrate a
little bit about the air link your link
is really how we take one remote control
and make it control all the different
products that you would have in your
home theater system so for example if I
was to press my Viera link button up on
the menu we see that we have our Viera
menu if I use the simple disc here I can
navigate down and have the ability to
control the following products in this
system that we have set up today I have
a DVD recorder in the case of the DVD
recorder
we have automatically downloaded the TV
channel memory and with the error link
we even have the ability according
instantly anything we are watching on
the television tuner so we don't even
have to set the TV channel on the
recorder all that information is passed
along by HDMI when we take a look at the
Viera link menu again we also have the
capability of controlling a DVD player
or a blu-ray player and if we carry over
we also have control over a complete
home theater system so this allows us to
have access to all the interconnected
products with the use of just one remote
control is there a limit on the number
of products date that you can actually
control through that one remote yes
there is currently I only have four HDMI
inputs so that would be the maximum
level of products I could connect
directly to the table where are you
pointing that remote are you pointing it
to the television or are you pointing it
to each of your devices I can point it
directly to the panel in this case the
sensor is on the panel on this side and
it gives us the capability of hiding
believe it or not all my interconnected
devices here we have a beautiful cover
and there's many ladies in the world
that would consider electronics ugly and
well we have these things connected by
HDMI we don't have to have
anywhere within range of the remote
control so that they could be located in
an audio rack at another room for
example yeah we have full control over
them and access so out of sight out of
mind
fantastic thank you very much